"# bestpractices" 

**Convert a Map to a Spring MultiValueMap**
https://www.baeldung.com/java-convert-map-spring-multivaluemap?__s=nshgkvs7x156iyk833ew

**Implement Bulk and Batch API in Spring**
https://www.baeldung.com/spring-bulk-batch-api-implementation?__s=nshgkvs7x156iyk833ew

**Maximizing HikariCP Performance in Spring Boot Applications**
https://medium.com/@mukitulislamratul/maximizing-hikaricp-performance-in-spring-boot-applications-f7ee8474410a

**How to create DTOs with records and MapStruct in Spring Boot**
https://medium.com/@cat.edelveis/how-to-create-dtos-with-records-and-mapstruct-in-spring-boot-ed9931ba5191


**Mystery of Database Inconsistencies Caused by Hibernate Caching in Spring Boot**
https://medium.com/@admin_64036/behind-the-scenes-solving-the-mystery-of-database-inconsistencies-caused-by-hibernate-caching-in-5ef17dda1710

**Distributed Lock & Schedule Lock with Redis and Spring Boot (without ShedLock)**
https://blog.devgenius.io/distributed-lock-schedule-lock-with-redis-and-spring-boot-without-shedlock-c45a9f608f3a


**ChatGPT Integration with Spring Boot Application**
https://levelup.gitconnected.com/chatgtp-integration-with-spring-boot-application-280637e69e73

**Best Practices for API Request and Response Handlings in Spring Boot Development**
https://phsophea101.medium.com/standard-api-request-and-response-with-spring-boot-f3a7cf7f4422

**Spring Boot, Kafka, and WebSocket: A Practical Approach to Real-Time Messaging**
https://umar-fajar14.medium.com/spring-boot-kafka-and-websocket-a-practical-approach-to-real-time-messaging-6169f5995fe1

Pessimistic Lock in Spring Boot
https://blog.devgenius.io/pessimistic-lock-in-spring-boot-a3c44055be0f


Building Scalable Microservices with gRPC, Spring Boot, and Maven
https://towardsdev.com/building-scalable-microservices-with-grpc-spring-boot-and-maven-fe49c377e450

with Spring-Boot 3 and Apache Camel (Camel WhatsApp)
https://blog.stackademic.com/multi-channel-notifications-service-with-spring-boot-3-apache-camel-camel-whatsapp-85ab7942666f


Spring boot REST API Request and Response Interceptor logging
https://medium.com/@ankithahjpgowda/log-request-and-responses-of-rest-apis-in-springboot-c13f9bc7903f

https://betterprogramming.pub/feign-reactive-my-preferred-solution-for-rest-api-consumption-5d79a283b24f

Using Multiple Databases in Spring Boot Web Application
https://towardsdev.com/using-multiple-databases-in-spring-boot-web-application-eafe33636a1a


Optimistic Locking by using @Version annotation
https://medium.com/@taha.topal.7/optimistic-locking-by-using-version-annotation-2d45239fb065



**Java 17 vs 21 with example:**
https://rathod-ajay.medium.com/a-comprehensive-journey-from-java-8-to-java-21-with-code-examples-of-essential-api-enhancements-6817d2ab3ba8

Advanced OOP in Python
https://medium.com/@aserdargun/advanced-oop-in-python-a5f6130da291

Apache Kafka + Vector Database + LLM = Real-Time GenAI
https://kai-waehner.medium.com/apache-kafka-vector-database-llm-real-time-genai-4b5b6e687d85


Spring boot:
-----------

Using OpenAI ChatGPT APIs in Spring Boot
https://www.baeldung.com/keycloak-custom-protocol-mapper?__s=nshgkvs7x156iyk833ew

Mastering Distributed Tracing with Spring Boot and Zipkin: A Comprehensive Guide for Microservices Monitoring and Debugging:
https://medium.com/@jadhavsid1101/mastering-distributed-tracing-with-spring-boot-and-zipkin-a-comprehensive-guide-for-microservices-4cf7cebbed27

How to Schedule Jobs With Quartz in Spring Boot
https://hackernoon.com/how-to-schedule-jobs-with-quartz-in-spring-boot


Spring Security — The Security Filter Chain
https://kasunprageethdissanayake.medium.com/spring-security-the-security-filter-chain-2e399a1cb8e3

Using Elasticsearch with Spring Boot
https://reflectoring.io/spring-boot-elasticsearch/


Custom annotation:
https://abhiandy.medium.com/spring-boot-create-custom-annotation-to-validate-request-parameter-dcf483539d90

Ehcache configuration with sprin gboot
https://programmingsharing.com/ehcache-configuration-in-spring-boot-162d754bcaf6

Implementing gRPC in a Spring Boot Application
https://medium.com/@abhishekranjandev/implementing-grpc-in-a-spring-boot-application-f9b4fabcf6c5


Java:
Stop checking for nulls in Java
https://towardsdev.com/stop-checking-for-nulls-in-java-593a1f1a0c2f


Distributed Locking
https://medium.com/@marios.shiatis/distributed-locking-b8f216bc79a2


How to Enable HTTPS in Spring Boot Application
https://medium.com/javarevisited/how-to-enable-https-in-spring-boot-application-78b77ba1d242

Spring FlexyPool
https://www.baeldung.com/spring-flexypool-guide?__s=nshgkvs7x156iyk833ew

SpringBoot — API Versioning — Fast&Easy
https://medium.com/@DevChris01/springboot-api-versioning-fast-easy-c3ef2c87452f


Step-by-Step Guide to Using Elasticsearch in a Spring Boot Application
https://medium.com/@abhishekranjandev/step-by-step-guide-to-using-elasticsearch-in-a-spring-boot-application-477ba7773dea

Memory Leaks:
https://medium.com/@abhishekranjandev/becoming-a-memory-leak-detective-unraveling-and-fixing-memory-leaks-in-your-spring-boot-859af9295654

Spring Knowledge;
You don’t know @Transactional annotation, Do you?
https://nameishari.medium.com/you-dont-know-transactional-annotation-do-you-5210c84ac41f 

What is the significance of enum in Java?
https://medium.com/@tararamgoyal4_92353/what-is-the-significance-of-enum-in-java-68dd044c299a


Database Auditing in Spring boot with spring security context and spring data JPA
https://mayankposts.medium.com/database-auditing-in-spring-boot-with-spring-security-context-and-spring-data-jpa-9215b43744bb

Spring Boot Java framework: cheat sheet of maven pom.xml
https://medium.com/@databackendtech/spring-boot-java-framework-cheat-sheet-of-maven-pom-xml-cb8ef2f0700d


gRPC implementation in Springboot and microservices
https://medium.com/@ankithahjpgowda/grpc-implementation-in-springboot-and-microservices-366dc7a66c5a


Caching Strategies for High-Performance Spring Boot Applications
https://medium.com/@snowvil84/caching-strategies-for-high-performance-spring-boot-applications-9e677561c1f6


Reducing Code Duplication in JPA: How MappedSuperclass and NoRepositoryBean Can Help
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/70260215/using-mappedsuperclass-in-spring-repository-query

Spring Data JPA — Dynamic Filtering and Searching with Variable Parameters
https://medium.com/@thomas-a-mathew/spring-data-jpa-dynamic-filtering-using-specifications-f7f12ad27063

Building high scalable microservices with CQRS and Event Sourcing Using Spring, Kafka and Cassandra
https://medium.com/@jorgegfx/building-high-scalable-microservices-with-cqrs-and-event-sourcing-using-spring-kafka-and-cassandra-e3dbe1be8dff

Why gRPC is the future of software architecture
https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/why-grpc-future-software-architecture-mohit-malhotra/




Spring queries Problems:
Mastering Java Spring Boot: Tackling the N+1 Query Problem in Your Applications
https://muradiodev.medium.com/mastering-java-spring-boot-tackling-the-n-1-query-problem-in-your-applications-96ef55a04e2e


Jasper Report:
Building a Department API with Spring Boot 3
https://medium.com/@pet.moustopoulos/building-a-department-api-with-spring-boot-3-dc4d71167ca6


Kafka:
------
https://medium.com/lydtech-consulting/kafka-consumer-non-blocking-retry-spring-retry-topics-4ca09675e8b5



Camunda:
-----------
Camunda 8 Rest connector:
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=RfNp3iOWEhQ
https://github.com/camunda/camunda-modeler/blob/master/resources/element-templates/cloud-samples.json
https://docs.camunda.io/docs/components/connectors/custom-built-connectors/connector-templates/#inbound-start-event-connector-templates


Camunda con 2022:
https://page.camunda.com/camundacon-2022-on-demand-success
https://github.com/urbanisierung/camundacon22


camunda 8 tasklist:
https://camunda.com/blog/2022/05/getting-started-with-camunda-platform-8s-graphql-api/


camunda 7 to camunda8 migration:
https://github.com/lwluc/camunda-ddd-and-clean-architecture

camunda 8 - due date:
https://forum.camunda.io/t/hey-due-date-the-end-of-the-time-zones-hell-for-camunda-due-date-calculations/37133


Camunda 8 awesome:
https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/awesome-camunda-platform-8

DMN:

https://github.com/camunda-community-hub/camunda-dmn-tester

https://consulting.camunda.com/dmn-simulator/


https://medium.com/@burakkocakeu/in-spring-data-jpa-onetomany-what-are-these-fields-mappedby-fetch-cascade-and-orphanremoval-2655f4027c4f
In Spring Data JPA OneToMany What are These Fields (mappedBy, fetch, cascade and orphanRemoval)



Analyse Thread dump:
https://medium.com/emlakjet/how-to-analyse-memory-dump-in-java-906e4d6ab75f



Performance:
How to build a scalable backend to query and search billions of records?
https://medium.com/elucidata/how-to-build-a-scalable-backend-to-query-and-search-billions-of-records-16a532433fda


Transaction in Distributed Systems:
https://medium.com/nerd-for-tech/transactions-in-distributed-systems-b5ceea869d7d

Optimistic Locking Spring:
https://medium.com/@taha.topal.7/pessimistic-lock-with-spring-data-jpa-e42a7ba2510a


Try:
How to Send Push Notification With Spring Boot using Websockets and STOMP
https://amrutprabhu.medium.com/how-to-send-push-notification-with-spring-boot-using-websockets-and-stomp-f687807d1958


Apache Pulsar consumer and producer with Spring Boot
https://boottechnologies-ci.medium.com/apache-pulsar-consumer-and-producer-with-spring-boot-916fd06f669



AWS Kubernetes Roles Access:
https://eng.grip.security/enabling-aws-iam-group-access-to-an-eks-cluster-using-rbac


clean code: Java:
https://medium.com/@gthanos/10-java-tips-for-cleaner-code-3224d3972416


Camunda AI:
https://bpmn.io/blog/posts/2021-wasdenn-ai-modeling-assistant.html


Spring references:
https://odedia.org/production-considerations-for-spring-on-kubernetes


Netflix Workflow:
https://netflixtechblog.com/orchestrating-data-ml-workflows-at-scale-with-netflix-maestro-aaa2b41b800c

Spring cloud gateway custom api:
https://medium.com/@fazazulfikapp/spring-cloud-gateway-custom-api-limiter-1a600de6bedf


Patterns:
Outbox-pattern
https://medium.com/@egorponomarev/outbox-pattern-in-spring-boot-8e8cf116f044


